Huntress - Located in Elf Outpost => Talk to her to get scroll. Deliver the scroll to King in Capital to start the main quest.
Kellari - Located in Grove behind Gate in Elf outpost => Talk to her to continue the quest.
King - Located in Capital => Talk to him after Kellari then he will give you quest to kill 45 undeads right of Draenai  Garden. Return to King after to deliver the quest. Go to Archeology area afterwards and talk to Fire. Bring Scroll of Provision to Medivh in Capital. Kill 30 zombies in Plaguelands after that. Talk to Fire again after that and then go talk to King in Capital.
## Third Guardian
Kill 3rd Guardian (Located in level 1 Troll Forest on big Green Circle surrounded by 3 Green Spheres) to get the 3rd key and charge it in Machinarium. (Located in Machinarium to the left behind textures).
## Second Guardian 
Get quest from Orc Warlock in Fort of Jacob. Talk to Kobolt in Kobolt Mine. Deliver Meliolit and Virt Leg to Kobolt to receive Scroll. Deliver Scroll to Orc Warlock and he will teleport to Elf Outpost. Find him in Elf Outpost and give him the scroll. Escort him to middle of undead area (right of Draenai Gardens). Talk to him after escort and he will open the portal. Kill the Guardian inside portal to get second key. Second key can be charged in top right of level 35 Orc area (in secret path through water).
## First Guardian
Talk to the kid (located above King in Capital). After talking to kid, go left in the forest until you reach river (kid's ghost will be found there). Talk to kid ghost and he will give you scroll to deliver to crying girl located top right in Fort of Jacob. Return to kid ghost and talk to him. After talking to him toy will spawn a bit to the top behind the tree, from your current position (where you stand to talk to kid ghost). Deliver the toy to kid in Capital. Kid will walk away to Orc tower located to the right edge in Capital. Follow him there, wait 1 minute and talk to him again. He will then walk to Villager located left of fountain in Capital. Give Villager barrel of ale (drops from Bandit Lord located left of Cenarius Statue in Troll Forest level 1). After delivering barrel write "-+" in chat and go to Archeology area and talk to the tree (located above the portal when you are in Archeology area). After that go to Plaguelands. Before reaching shipyard there is Naga Siren npc left of it in water. Talk to her and she will give you a Seal that you need to charge by killing 100 golems in Temple of Annouk. After charging it, return to Naga Siren to deliver the quest. Go to Centaur Outpost, all the way to the top of area you will find 1st Guardian. Kill him and get the key. First key can be charged in Archeology area (bottom left in location).

Bring all 3 charged keys to the gate in West Lake (above water elemental boss, top right in that area). Open the gate and kill First boss. After killing him the 4th Guardian will spawn. Kill him and return to Tree in Archeology area.